# AgIncentives
Prior to the 1980s, the available evidence on the changes in incentives provided by governments to farmers was extremely poor. While Josling (FAO 1973) had provided a widely agreed methodology for measuring these changes, few studies were undertaken and those that were undertaken were frequent-ly of limited commodity coverage and duration. Debates about assistance were therefore based on lim-ited information, with participants frequently choosing arguments based on their own preferred sets of alternative facts. 

This changed during the 1980s, when the OECD began to monitor the producer support provided by governments in OECD countries. The famous Krueger, Schiff and Valdes (1988) studies of agricultural distortions in developing countries provided detailed information for 18 such countries. These two sets of studies yielded two key stylized facts—that agriculture in developed countries was typically highly pro-tected, while it was generally taxed—and frequently highly taxed—in developing countries. 

During the early 2000s, the large set of studies coordinated by Kym Anderson provided information on approximately 80 countries (including estimates based on the OECD monitoring) and updated our as-sessment of developments. The estimates for OECD countries showed a clear downward trend from their peak levels around 1986-88, while protection rates were trending up strongly in developing coun-tries. 
It has become clear that—rather than relying on intermittently-produced one-off studies of agricultural protection—there is a need for continuously-updated estimates. Fortunately, the key elements of such a database can be assembled based on work that is ongoing in a number of key international organiza-tions—the FAO; the Inter-American Development Bank; the OECD; the World Bank.  IFPRI is providing the framework in which these data will be presented in a common format at http://www.agincentives.org. By working together, these organizations will be able to provide useful, con-tinuously-updated and relatively comprehensive information to users at relatively low cost. 

Because of differences in databases, methodologies, and time spans, it has been relatively difficult for analysts to obtain consistent long-term measurements of agricultural distortions across all developed and developing countries. This made it difficult for policy makers to correctly measure, compare, and interpret the impact of their policy designs across commodities, countries, and time spans. To improve on this situation, an Agricultural (Ag) Incentives Consortium including the major international organiza-tions (IO) active in measurement of agricultural incentives--OECD, FAO, IDB, IFPRI, and the World Bank was formed. The AgIncentives Consortium focuses on organizing collaboration among IOs in or-der to provide better estimates of agricultural incentives, and to contribute to better policies. One pillar of this coordination involves generating a common set of clearly defined and well-documented common indicators, with a focus on price incentives. A second pillar is about expanding country and product cov-erage. A third pillar is providing a platform for tackling new issues and improving methodologies.

A key element of the 2024 revamp of the database has been the inclusion of Nominal Rate of As-sistance (NRA) measures. These include not just the support provided by trade measures, but support provided by subsidies paid on outputs, inputs, and on other criteria. These subsidies are particularly rele-vant to current debates on repurposing agricultural support because their impacts on economic, envi-ronmental, and social outcomes are strongly influenced by the design of agricultural support programs. 

This repository contains codes for data processing in various stages. The key files include AgIncentivesProcessing.R, PaymentData_Processing.R and Functions.R 

